docs: document known issue for propertyTypes rule incorrectly formatting static factory methods on namespace types (#2449)
nicklockwood/SwiftFormat: README.md

* The `propertyTypes` rule can cause a build failure in cases like `let foo = Foo.bar` where the value is a static member that doesn't return the same time. For example, `let foo: Foo = .bar` would be invalid if the `bar` property was defined as `static var bar: Bar`. As a workaround you can write the name of the type explicitly, like `let foo: Bar = Foo.bar`, or exclude the type name and/or property name with `--preserve-symbols Bar,bar,etc`.

> * The `propertyTypes` rule can cause a build failure in cases like `let value = Tools.makeString()` where `Tools` is used as a namespace (e.g. a caseless enum) and `makeString()` is a static factory method that returns a different type (e.g. `String`). The rule incorrectly converts this to `let value: Tools = .makeString()`, which fails to compile. As a workaround you can write the type explicitly, like `let value: String = Tools.makeString()`, or exclude the type name and/or property name with `--preserve-symbols Tools,makeString,etc`.

Reviewer: @copilot use `Foo.bar` style examples

> * The `propertyTypes` rule can cause a build failure in cases like `let value = Tools.makeString()` where `Tools` is used as a namespace (e.g. a caseless enum) and `makeString()` is a static factory method that returns a different type (e.g. `String`). The rule incorrectly converts this to `let value: Tools = .makeString()`, which fails to compile. As a workaround you can write the type explicitly, like `let value: String = Tools.makeString()`, or exclude the type name and/or property name with `--preserve-symbols Tools,makeString,etc`.

Reviewer: @copilot:

```suggestion
* The `propertyTypes` rule can cause a build failure in cases like `let value = Tools.makeString()` where `Tools` is used as a namespace (e.g. a caseless enum) and `makeString()` is a static factory method that returns a different type (e.g. `String`). The rule converts this to `let value: Tools = .makeString()`, which fails to compile. As a workaround you can write the type explicitly, like `let value: String = Tools.makeString()`, or exclude the type name and/or property name with `--preserve-symbols Tools,makeString,etc`, or use `// swiftformat:disable:next propertyTypes`.
```

etc
